
# **Gather Data:**  
### Make sure you know what to build, you can do this by talking to users or doing research. 
<br>

### **Client**: Sheru
### **Project Type**: Personal
### **MVP**: A functioning Portfolio with a heavy focus on 3D frontend
<br>

## **1. What is it that I want to build?**
  I want to build a portfolio app the showcases my skills as a developer. With a heavy focus on webbased 3D frontend.
## **2. How many sprints(weekly) are expected.**
   Given I have currently 0 experience with ThreeJS, I expect to have a working MVP in 12 weeks.
## **3. What is the MVP?**
   A functioning portfolio web app that can display my past projects and skills in a 3D environment.
## **4. What are the user stories?**
a) As client I want this app to be bar themed where the user is welcomed into a virtual bar and is taken through a tour of my past projects in form of drinks.
b) As a user I should be able to navigate through the app with a mouse and keyboard.
c) As a user I should be see a welcome screen with a 3D model of myself that welcomes to the app and gives a short introduction.
d) As a user I should be able to see a list of my past projects in form a menu card.
e) As a user I should be able to see a list of my skills in form a background ad style 3D object.
f) As a user I should be able to interact with a 3D model of myself that is placed in the bar and ask it means to contact me.
g) As a user I should be able to send myself an email by asking 3D model to do so.
h) As a user I should be able to stop the tour of a project by asking the 3D model to do so.
i) As a user I should be able to see a 3D model of myself that is placed in the bar and ask it to show me a project.
j) As a user I should be able to see a 3D model of myself that is placed in the bar and ask it to show me a skill.
k) As a user I want the end product to be a 3D app that takes me through all of Sheru's past projects, skills, contact info, and a short introduction of Sheru as a person and developer.

<br>

    


